ipaddr: Update docs (#54587)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters_ipaddr.rst

.. _6to4: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/6to4

> Getting additional information from network address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finding IP addresses within a range
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer: This section would be stronger with an over-arching description of what these filters do. I'm guessing a bit on the wording, but something like this:

```suggestion

To find usable IP addresses within an IP range, try these ``ipaddr`` filters:

```

> You can obtain next usable IP address from the given network address using ``next_usable`` ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the next usable IP address in a range, use ``next_usable`` ::
```

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ipaddr('next_usable') }}
    192.168.122.2

> Similarly, you can obtain the last usable IP address from the given network address using ``last_usable``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the last usable IP address from a range, use ``last_usable``::
```

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ipaddr('last_usable') }}
    192.168.122.254

> You can use ``range_usable``, if you want to find the available range of IP addresses from the given network address, like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the available range of IP addresses from the given network address, use ``range_usable``::
```

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | ipaddr('range_usable') }}
    192.168.122.1-192.168.122.254

> You can use ``next_nth_usable`` filter to find out next nth usable IP address from the given network address::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the next nth usable IP address within a range, use ``next_nth_usable``::
```

    # {{ '192.168.122.1/24' | next_nth_usable(2) }}
    192.168.122.3

> In above example, ``next_nth_usable`` returns 2nd usable IP address for the given IP range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, ``next_nth_usable`` returns the 2nd usable IP address for the given IP range.
```
